# Project_Artefact
dsadsadsad
A multiplayer proteins interactive system is a platform that provides multiple communication and realizes speech recognition and voice command. It will provide a virtual reality environment that allows users to interact, experiment, design, and improve their understanding of the unknown world in three dimensions. The project was developed to take full advantage of online and scientific outreach. Give users a virtual multi-user chat platform; Meanwhile voice and text chat are the basic functions of this project, besides man-machine interactive voice recognition function and protein-specific voice command function, which make this project has certain significance. In this project, users can conduct online multiple chat through voice and text, and realize speech recognition and phrase recognition functions. In addition, they can learn some background information about proteins. Since the platform also shows the three-dimensional structure of the protein, users can control the protein by saying words (up, down, forward, back, rotate, scale, open, close, next, etc.). Unity, c#, and Illustrator will be used throughout the development process. The project was created in the Unity editor, and its functionality is implemented using c# scripts, which also include some external APIs that Unity can use. Illustrator, on the other hand, is used to design user interfaces. Discussing and understanding proteins can help scientists fight COVID-19 and give them a better online platform to understand the virus.

In this project, users can conduct online multiple chat through voice and text, and realize speech recognition and phrase recognition functions. Since the platform also shows the three-dimensional structure of the protein, users can control the protein by saying words (up, down, forward, back, rotate, scale, open, close, next, etc.). The project was created and run in the Unity editor.

There are two system for this project. The first one called 'MultiplayerChat' realizes multiplayer online voice and text chat on the Mac system. This is built and run in Unity, to run this project successfully, please open Unity and run the "MultiplayerMenu" scene. Meanwhile, in order to test 'multiplayer online' function, there are four applications called 'voice_test11.app', 'voice_test12.app', 'voice_test13.app', 'voice_test14.app'. You can open it all on one computer or open it on different computers separately (if you open it on one computer, there are some echos when you talk, that shows the 'multiplayer online' function working), then the first step is to login the 'host', the other applications to login 'client'. After that, you can see randomly characters in the main scene, and if you talking, the other applications' characters can hear and talking to you as well. Also you can press 'Y'keyboard to trigger the text chat, when you press 'Y' keyboard, the Text chat would show on the right of the main scene, you can input some content then press "Enter" to send, the other applications' characters can see your content as well.

The second one called 'new' realizes speech recognition and phrase recognition functions.This is built and run in Unity, to run this project successfully, please open Unity, and run the "MultiplayerMenu" scene. Then, the first step is to login the 'host'. When you login the main scene. you can see proteins and randomly characters in the main scene. There is a text box on the left of the scene to show speech recognition and phrase recognition results. If you talk some random words or sentences like 'how are you', 'welcome to my project', the 'speech recognition' function would be triggered, and the words 'how are you', 'welcome to my project' would be shown on the text box. Also, For 'phrase recognition' function, there are some specific words to control the proteins. they are 'forward','up', 'down', 'back', 'zoom', 'rotation', 'open', 'next', 'close'.

Specifically, when the user said ‘forward’, the target of protein would be translated a coordinate point horizontally; when the user said ‘up’, the target of protein would be translated a coordinate point up vertically; when the user said ‘down’, the target of protein would be translated a coordinate point down vertically; when the user said ‘back’, the target of protein would be translated a coordinate point horizontally which is opposite with the command ‘forward’; when the user said ‘rotation’, the target of protein would be rotated a coordinate point; when the user said ‘zoom’, the target of protein would be zoomed randomly; when the user said ‘open’, that would be active the function of trigger open one of the proteins; when the user said ‘next’, that would be active the function of open the next protein from the protein database; when the user said ‘close’, the target of protein would be closed. Moreover, there are menu on the top-left of the main scene. You can pause the game or quit the game and see the help here.
